Added documentation for Fivetran website (#17)
singlestore-labs/singlestore-fivetran-destination: docs/setup-guide.md

---

## Prerequisites

To connect SingleStore to Fivetran, you need the following:

- A SingleStore instance. To obtain it you can create SingleStore workspace in [Cloud Portal](https://portal.singlestore.com/?_gl=1*1uhqemo*_ga*NjMxODEwNTgzLjE3MDY1MzQwNDM.*_ga_V9YBY81TXW*MTcwOTI4OTkyNC4yNi4xLjE3MDkyOTA0MDEuNjAuMC4w) using instructions from [Creating and Using Workspaces
](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/getting-started-with-singlestore-helios/about-workspaces/creating-and-using-workspaces/) or you can deploy a Self-Managed cluster in various way using instructions from [Deploy](https://docs.singlestore.com/db/latest/deploy/). After you spin up SingleStore, you should have:
    - `Host`
    - `Port`
    - `Username`
    - `Password`    
- A Fivetran account with [permission to add destinations](/docs/using-fivetran/fivetran-dashboard/account-management/role-based-access-control#legacyandnewrbacmodel).

---

> ## Setup instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup Instructions
```

### <span class="step-item"> Configure SingleStore </span>

1. Configure your firewall and/or other access control systems to allow incoming connections to your SingleStore instance from [Fivetran's IPs](https://fivetran.com/docs/using-fivetran/ips) for your region.

> 2. Ensure that your SingleStore user has following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure that the SingleStore database user has the following permissions:
```

    * `SELECT`
    * `INSERT`
    * `UPDATE`
    * `DELETE`
    * `CREATE`
    * `ALTER`
    * `CREATE DATABASE`

> ### <span class="step-item">Finish Fivetran configuration </span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### <span class="step-item">Configure Fivetran </span>
```

1. Log in to your Fivetran account.
2. Go to the [**Destinations** page](https://fivetran.com/dashboard/destinations), and then click **+ Add Destination**.

> 3. Enter a **Destination name** of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter a **Destination name** for your destination, and then click **Add**.
```

> 4. Click **Add**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

5. Select **SingleStore** as the destination type.

> 6. Enter the **Host**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Enter the following connection configurations for you SingleStore workspace/cluster:
    * **Host**
    * **Port**
    * **Username**
    * **Password**
```

> 7. Enter the **Port** number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 8. Enter the **Username**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 9. Enter the **Password**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 10. (Optinal) Enable SSL and specify related configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. (Optional) Enable SSL and specify related configurations.
```

> 11. (Optinal) Specify aditional **Driver Parameters**. Full list of supported parameters can be found [here](https://docs.singlestore.com/db/v8.5/developer-resources/connect-with-application-development-tools/connect-with-java-jdbc/the-singlestore-jdbc-driver/#connection-string-parameters) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. (Optional) Specify additional **Driver Parameters**. Refer to [The SingleStore JDBC Driver](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/developer-resources/connect-with-application-development-tools/connect-with-java-jdbc/the-singlestore-jdbc-driver/#connection-string-parameters) for a list of supported parameters.
```

> 12. Choose the **Data processing location**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Select the **Data processing location**.
```

> 13. Choose your **Time zone**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Select your **Time zone**.
```

14. Click **Save & Test**.

> Fivetran [tests and validates](/docs/destinations/singlestore/setup-guide#setuptest) the SingleStore connection. On successful completion of the setup test, you can sync your data using Fivetran connectors to the SingleStore destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fivetran [tests and validates](/docs/destinations/singlestore/setup-guide#setuptest) the SingleStore connection configuration. Once the connection configuration test is successful, you can sync your data using Fivetran connectors to the SingleStore destination.
```

> ### Setup test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup Test
```

Fivetran performs the following SingleStore connection test:

> - The Connection test checks if we can connect to your SingleStore cluster using credentials provided in the setup form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Connection test checks if Fivetran can connect to your SingleStore cluster using credentials provided in the setup form.
```
